Feat subtitle plugin (#2984)
codeceptjs/CodeceptJS: docs/plugins.md

-   `config`  

> ## captureStepAsSubtitle

Author: Please ignore this file as this is a WIP

-   `config`  

## captureStepAsSubtitle

> Automatically captures steps as subtitle, and saves it as an artifact when a video is found for a failed test

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Automatically captures steps as subtitles, and saves then as an artifact when a video is found for a failed test
```

Add this plugin to config file:

```js
plugins: {
 captureStepAsSubtitle: {
   enabled: true
 }
}
```

> `captureStepAsSubtitle` plugin should only be enabled, when `video: true` is enabled for playwright config.

Reviewer: > `captureStepAsSubtitle` plugin should only be enabled, when `video: true` is enabled for playwright config.

Not a correct statement. The plugin can be enabled but it won't record any subtitles...
